My name is M. C. Clinton Anderson. I've been in the Navy Reserve for about
20 years. Um, I grew up in Los Angeles, and a couple years after
high school. Then I joined the Navy Reserve. I was really fortunate.
Um, be picked up. I became a nuclear, A nuclear electrician's mate.
Um, I went to school for two years. I was really intense training.
And then after that, then I went toe USS John C. Stennis, the aircraft
carrier. Um, we were stationed overseas. We went toe a lot of different
places. A lot of different tours. Um, after the six years there,
eight years total active, active time. Then I got out, and I became
a Navy reservist. And I've been in the Navy reserves for about
the last 10 years or so. Um, they really help me out with school. They've
give me a lot of education benefits. Um, during the 10 years
I've gotten my undergraduate degree, U C Berkeley gotten my master's
at USC, and currently I'm a master student at the Naval Postgraduate
School. And, um, pretty much every year I'm really involved with the
Navy as well. We spent about about a month of time, working with
them between your annual trainings and, um, amount of work that you
do on the weekends for your Navy drill weekends. But overall, I've had
a pretty productive 20 years, and I'm looking forward to my next.
My next tour, currently the most, um, intense training that I've had
in the most leadership role that I've had has been the senior enlisted
adviser. Um, that's when I was working in Japan last year. Um,
in 2019, I was overseeing about 50 sailors, um, stations throughout
the country, and I was kind of explaining what to do, how to do their
training, how to do their online, um, online stuff And, um, how toe
go on their next and trainings things like that. I was basically a
supervisor for them, and that's generally my role. My current role
in the Navy right now.